Narrator: Inside the tent, the warrior swiftly removes her damp top, breathing a sigh of relief as her heaving bosom falls out. In a moment, the muscular woman is sitting naked on the bedding. Her imposing body is covered in sweat and various battle scars. She shoots a smouldering look at her sparring partner, waiting for him to make his move.
Narrator: But the hunter just sits, still dressed, his eyes downcast.

Narrator: “What’s wrong?” Asks the warrior. “Don’t I look inviting enough for you? You aren’t interested?”. “No! I mean, of course you do! It’s just…My role is to serve. I… I don’t know what you expect of me…” 

Narrator: The warrior sidles up to him, lifting his face up with a gentle hand. “Hmmm, so Cutie needs someone to hold his reins, is that it?” She smiles as he shyly nods his head. “Aww, don’t you worry, little lamb. I’ll take care of everything. Now, undress for me.”

Narrator: Grateful for the clear instructions, the hunter quickly sheds his clothing, prostrates himself, and awaits the next order. The warrior chuckles and pulls him up. “I’m not your mistress, you don’t need to do that. Come here.”
Narrator: She reclines, pulling him towards her, and pressing his face into her soft, massive breasts. “Help me clean them up. Lick.”

Narrator: The young hunter obeys, running his tongue over her chest, lapping up the sweat covering her skin. His fingers sink into the soft, yielding flesh, groping for purchase on the much taller woman.The warrior leans her head back, moaning softly, her hand caressing his head as he works.“Good boy…Mmm.. Suck the nipples…”
Narrator: Eager to please, the hunter promptly closes his mouth onto a swollen nipple, causing the til now seemingly unbreakable amazon to shiver and yelp like a girl.
Narrator:“Gently! Go gently... They’re very sensitive.” She chides him, before leading his head back against her. “That’s right.. swirl your tongue… Oooh.. good boooy…”

Narrator: For a while, they stay like this. The hunter seems content to suckle her til she tells him to stop, and the warrior just enjoys the attention. But then, she suddenly plucks his head away, and pushes him back onto the bedding. 

Narrator:“Enough foreplay. Let’s see if your spear work is as good in bed, cutie.” The hulking warrior looms over him, her hungry eyes fixed on his. Her large hands, strong enough to crush bones, caress his shaft with surprising gentleness, and she smiles when she feels him grow stiff at her touch. 

Narrator: Her eyes go wide as he keeps growing. She looks down, admiring the girth of his manhood, squeezing it harder, as if testing her grip on a weapon. 
Narrator: “You sly one, you’re not a little lamb at all, are you?” She grins.” You’re a rutting buck! I’m going to enjoy this.” 

Narrator: So saying, she deftly slides herself onto him, her slit already soaked from his earlier ministrations. Her massive frame envelops the smaller hunter completely as she sits down on top of him, his view obscured by the two large, pillowy breasts resting on his face.

Narrator: “Ahhhnnn, I’ve been needing this all day…” She sighs, rocking herself back and forth on him. The hunter’s own moans are muffled, his face hidden, but he grabs her hips, and does his best to follow her rhythm.

Narrator: No more gentleness from her. Soon the warrior is pounding away at his shaft, drilli ng him into the bedding. Her moans are loud and coarse, encouraging the hunter to keep up, calling him names, and swearing in a language he doesn’t understand.

Narrator: “AHN! Aaahn! YES! That’s it! Come on, Buck! Harder! Aaahn! Rut me, fill me like a dirty sow! Ja, Jaaa!!! Pulta meg Hestkuk!! Yeees!”

Narrator:Her relentless assault only ends when she reaches climax, cradling the hunter in her massive arms, her body trembling, and her slit gripping the hunter just as tightly.
Narrator: Only after the shocks have passed does she finally let him catch a breath as she rolls over on her back, sighing contentedly.

Narrator: Rasping for breath, covered in sweat and juices, the hunter looks like he lost a battle. Presumably he must have climaxed at some point, but the battering he received left him little time to revel in it.
Narrator: He struggles to seat himself, his aching muscles protesting at the simplest movement, only for the warrior to roll over to him with a big smile on her face. “So…round three, Buck?”

Narrator: “Ahh…I ... I have to see to my duties, I’m afraid”, blurts the hunter out, before quickly gathering his clothes.
Narrator: “Oh well. Next time, then.” She grins, making sure to ogle him as he takes his leave.
