H: The hunter sits by the fire, struggling to meditate. There has been precious little time to rest. Battle fatigue and corruption are starting to be felt, even for a tenacious young man. 
H: Sweat beads on his brow, and his arms tremble from exhaustion.
The soft pad of sandals rouses his eyes as the mystic comes over to sit next to him.
M: You are tensing too much, Azun’bir. Meditation can shield the mind and slow the corruption in the body, but it will not wash it out. 
H: As you say, Seeker… but I must do something about these urges or I will not sleep. 
Will you not show me some meditations of your order to help?
M: I could, but they would not help you right now. You are a talented student already.
The older man strokes his beard, gesturing to the hunter’s noticeably bulging pants.
To dispel the excess energy building up, relieving yourself of that swelling would be more efficient.
H: The hunter blushes and shakes his head.
Mistress has allowed me …permission…to, to give myself relief as needed. In order to succeed at this hunt. But I… I am ashamed to say… my arms are too weary for that right now… I can scarcely work them.
M: The mystic smiles. Is that all? Well, that we can help with.

Narrator: As the two sit down in the tent, the mystic brings out one of his familiars. A small slime, the colour of seawater. slides into his palm.
Narrator: “Are you comfortable with my friend here helping you out?” He asks.
Narrator: “I… I suppose so?”, the hunter replies as he undresses. “ I have seen you use them enough that I trust you can control them.”
Narrator: The mystic shakes his head and smiles. “I do not control them, Azun’bir. I share my energy with them, and they help me willingly when I ask them for it. We work together.”
Narrator: As he speaks, the slime starts to grow. While it first fit easily into his palm, it is now big enough to engulf his hand completely. Small beads of goo trickle down over his fingers, and onto the bedding.
Narrator: “Now, lie down and relax. My friend will not do anything you do not want them to.”

Narrator: Putting away the last of his clothing, the hunter reclines, still blushing slightly. His well trained chest and arm muscles bulge as he props himself onto the bedding. Sweat glistens on his copper skin, and his large throbbing shaft looks painfully erect as he waits for the mystic to start.

Narrator: The mystic lowers the slime towards the needy member. The ball of goo dips slowly off the hand, pooling down onto the shaft and balls, and englobes them fully. The hunter flinches slightly at the first drops. “It’s cold!” He exclaims. “It will soon get warmer”, the mystic replies. 

Narrator: The hunter’s surprised expression soon changes into one of pleasure, as the slime starts pulsing around, somehow creating a flow inside itself, coiling around his parts. It squeezes and vibrates, stimulating everywhere at once. 
Narrator: “This… this is quite amazing…” moans the hunter, now fully relaxed with his head lolling back.
Narrator: “If you would like it faster, or to reach a specific spot, you need only picture it in your mind.” The mystic explains.”My friend will feel it, if the thought is strong enough.”

Narrator: It doesn’t take long for the hunter to get the trick. Soon he is writhing on the bedding from the slime’s intense vibrations, small moans escaping from his stunned lips.
Narrator: The Mystic looks on as the younger man’s body contorts in expressive pleasure, obviously enjoying the rapturous expressions and sounds of his companion. 
Narrator: A sudden tense of his back heralds the hunter’s climax, as thick white ropes shoot out from his shaft into the slime. For a moment, the juices flow around inside the familiar, but they are quickly absorbed.

Narrator: “Did it.. grow bigger again?” The hunter pants, coming down from his intense climax. “Indeed.” The mystic replies. “ They captured the energies you were expelling. It will not last long, but it is potent. Are you feeling relieved?” “I… uh.. I may need to go again, just… need a moment…”

Narrator:  The mystic nods. “My friend is happy to help some more… Though…” He starts to remove his own clothing, showing off his own swollen appendage.  “I may need some relief as well, if you’d allow me to join you?” 

Narrator: “I’d like that…” The hunter smiles as he props himself up to give the mystic space between his legs. In a moment, the mystic is kneeling over him, guiding his shaft into the slime. It slides in easily, the familiar coiling itself to accommodate both members as they slide against each other. 
Narrator: “This…this is nice too…” breathes the hunter, enraptured by the new sensations. 
Narrator: The mystic grunts, settling into a comfortable rhythm. His shaft slides in and out of the ball of slime, his tip kissing the hunter’s larger member each time he bottoms out.
Narrator: Each exertion sends a shiver of pleasure up their spines, and the hunter moans again as he stretches himself out on the bedding.

Narrator: The tantalising sight heats the mystic up even more, and he quickens the pace. Sweat mixes with the slime’s viscous fluids as he grinds himself against the hunter, faster and faster. Their eyes lock together, as they edge closer to a new climax. 

Narrator: Sensing both their needs, the familiar clenches. With a small cry of surprise, the mystic is dragged forward, catching himself on top of the younger man. 
Narrator: Eyes still locked, their faces almost touching, their hot breaths mingling, they reach climax together.


Narrator: The mystic falls down on top of the hunter, exhausted. For a moment, they simply lay there, enjoying the stillness and afterglow. 
Narrator: “Thank you… for the help” whispers the hunter. 
Narrator: The mystic rouses himself, quickly sitting up again.
Narrator: “My friend was happy to help”, he replies, letting the now much larger familiar slither up his arm and rest on his shoulders. “ They enjoyed themselves a little too much, I think”

Narrator: The hunter seats himself up as well, his hand touching the mystic’s. 
Narrator: “No, i meant … you. Thank you. For being here.” 
Narrator: The mystic freezes for a moment, his face unreadable. Then he removes his hand, and starts to pull his clothing on again.
Narrator: “It is my duty to help, Azun’bir… I … I hope you’ll be able to rest now. Our task still awaits.”
Narrator: “Of course. Thank you again, seeker.” Without another word, the mystic leaves the tent.
