
Narrator: The mystic sits down on the bedding, and gestures to the warrior to sit in front of him. One of his slime familiars slithers down into his extended hand.
Narrator:  “Spirits…”, he explains, “are not from our plane, but will materialise in places where the veil between our worlds is thin enough. Outside of these places, they can only sustain themselves by feeding on the flows of energy. We humans can share our energies with them.
 
Narrator: He holds up the round ball of bluish goo to the warrior, who cautiously prods it with a finger. To her surprise, the slime extends a small tendril to touch her finger back.
Narrator: “Aww, they’re pretty cute when they’re not trying to eat you!” she exclaims, cooing when the familiar jumps over to her hand.

Narrator: “The corruption here makes the spirits aggressive. But they are not usually so ravenous. One can learn to communicate with them, even if they do not speak as we do.”
Narrator: “So, how do you speak to them?” Says the warrior, playing with the slime.“Strong emotions are like a beacon to them. Focus on a feeling, or an image.”

Narrator: “Hmmm” The warrior ponders for a moment, and suddenly the slime changes shape in her hand. It wobbles and twists, and she’s now holding what appears to be a large squishy blue phallus, complete with ballsack. 

Narrator: “Um.. well done,” coughs the mystic. “They seem to like you.” “Oooh, I’m liking them all right. This is going to be fun!” 
Narrator: The warrior starts to remove her top, her large pillowy breasts falling out, nipples already swollen. She pauses to give the mystic a glance. “You staying here?” “Only to see that my friend is well treated.”“Hah, well, enjoy the show then.” She grins and throws off her pants.

Narrator: Hefting the slimy dong with a hungry look, the warrior doesn’t waste time, already rubbing it on her slit. The slime immediately responds, coating itself in juices. 
Narrator: “Oooh, that’s a good toy, you know just what I want.” She whispers. 
Narrator: Slowly, she inserts the tip, and starts moving it in and out, while caressing her nipple with her other hand. 

Narrator: Her patience doesn’t last long though, and soon she is pumping the phallus fast and deep into her soaked slit. Her juices mix with the slime’s, frothing and spilling out as she fucks herself. “Ooooh yeah….. Mmmmm….”

Narrator: She turns her head towards the mystic, her eyes scanning his face for a reaction to her lurid display. When she notices the bulge between his legs, she grins.
Narrator: “Hey…”
Narrator: “Er…Yes; Sam’at?”
Narrator: “Can this guy move by himself? I wanna… AHn..try something…”
 
Narrator: “They would need more energy to do so, which I would have to share.”
Narrator: “Mmm, great. Get your clothes off then. Only fair I help you out too, right?”

Narrator: The mystic seems taken off guard, but after a moment, he begins undressing.
Narrator: The muscular woman chuckles and sits up, plopping the slimy shaft out and setting it down in front of her, erect on the floor of the tent.
Narrator: “Stay”, she tells the slime, like ordering a puppy in training. To her delight, the phallus obediently stiffens in place, so she pets it. “Good toy!”

Narrator: She positions herself above the slime as the mystic comes over to her, naked and erect as well. Grinning at his state, she caresses his shaft and shoots him an appreciative look.
Narrator: As she slides the slime inside of her, a small moan escapes her lips, and she grips the mystic firmly.
Narrator: “Make sure you make him pump fast, all right?” She orders, putting him in her mouth before he can answer.

Narrator: The mystic groans, doubling over and catching himself on her shoulders. Her mouth is warm and hungry, sucking and licking on his shaft as if it were a feast. 
Narrator: He tries to regain some composure, drawing on his training to channel to his familiar despite the onslaught.
Narrator: When the slime starts pumping up and down, the warrior moans loudly on the mystic’s shaft, almost breaking his concentration. He grips her braid and steadies himself for the ride.

Narrator:  …


Narrator: Time passes. What seemed like a fun idea at first has become a cruel test for the mystic. 
Narrator: The warrior’s mouth is tantalisingly warm and rough on his shaft, but losing his concentration would release his channeling. Her strong hand firmly grips his buttcheek, keeping him inside her, but he’s not sure she would continue sucking him off if his familiar stopped.

Narrator: In a desperate effort to make her climax, he’s been sending a growing stream of energy to the slime, but the barbarian’s endurance seems inexhaustible. 
Narrator: The familiar has grown to twice its previous size, coiling itself around the warrior’s hips for purchase as it furiously rams itself in and out of her, making wet slapping noises that seem to echo in the small tent.

Narrator: Just as he was to ask for mercy, the warrior’s hand suddenly tenses on his buttock, pushing him all the way inside her. Her body shakes and writhes, and she lets out a low muffled whine around his shaft as she finally reaches climax. 
Narrator: At last allowing himself to let go, the mystic grips her head and unloads deep inside her throat, shaking too from the pent up release.

Narrator: Exhausted, the mystic falls down on his back. Large beads of sweat sting his eyes, and he fights to calm his breathing as his familiar slithers up on his brow to help cool him down. 
Narrator: After a moment, he speaks : “My friend says thank you for the …fun, and… would be glad to assist you again.” Though I must ask we do it another day, so I can recover…”

Narrator: The warrior, still shaking from the aftershocks, lying in a pool of fluids and sweat, coughs a little. “Thanks for the fun, both of you.” She grins.
