Narrator: As the hunter stoops into the dark tent, he finds his mistress already removing her vestments, the piercing on her breast glinting in the faint light coming from outside. “Sit down, undress, and turn your eyes away. You are still being punished.  You are not to enjoy my form today.” She growls, struggling with her belt.
Narrator: “Yes, Mistress.” the young hunter replies.Folding his clothes into a neat pile, he sits down by the tent wall, waiting… After a few more grunts, she speaks again: “ On your knees for me, servant. And keep those eyes closed.”

Narrator: “Yes, Mistress” Prostrate on the bedding, he hears her shuffling up to him. Her breath is ragged. The air is thick with the smell of sweat, and of another, more primal scent. Unsure of what his mistress expects, the hunter waits.

Narrator: Plick.

Narrator: Plick.

Narrator: Drops slowly fall onto the bedding near his head. The scent grows stronger. Before he can wonder much about it, she finally speaks, her voice rife with frustration: “ This place… it saps at my will. I can feel the energies trying to corrupt me, every time I...channel…. I am... far from our Mother’s embrace, but….Ahn…  B..But I will NOT yield…”

Narrator:Plick. Plick. Plick. Plick.
Narrator:The drops fall faster now, her breathing is quickening as well. The smell is seeping into the bedding beneath his nose. 

Narrator:“I…I have no link to channel my offerings to Mother here…. But… I cannot allow myself to fall prey to corruption….So.. So,  I must… SIN now… I must.. disperse this... I… will take penance for this when we re…return!” 


Narrator: The hunter lifts his head to protest. “The blame should be mine! Mis…”  The sight of her is too much.Up on her knees in front of him, her naked body is trembling, drenched in sweat. Right in front of his upturned face, her fingers still furiously knead her swollen clitoris, dripping her sacred juices all over the bedding. His eyes widen, taking in her glistening, quivering beauty.

Narrator: Her free hand grabs his head. “I.. told you to shut your eyes, servant.” She grunts. “ You are still.. being punished.” Before he can answer, she shoves his face into her crotch.  “Now shut up and do your duty”.

Narrator: Holding onto his head, she grinds herself on his face, using it to stimulate herself, moaning softly whenever she finds a good spot.
Narrator: The bent over hunter’s neck is craned upwards, the poor lad struggling to keep himself on target. 

Narrator: His nose is buried inside her as often as his mouth, and he tries as best he can to flick his tongue whenever he can reach anything. Her hips start humping faster, splashing him with her juices every time she brings him in again.

Narrator: After a few minutes of this, The priestess groans loudly, and plaps down on her back with an exacerbated grunt, dragging the hunter down with her. Her hand still keeping his face between her legs, she growls at him to use his mouth correctly. “Or I’ll keep you on penance for a month”, she adds, scratching the back of his head painfully.

Narrator: Finally allowed to display some initiative, the hunter begins licking for all his worth. The priestess relaxes a little, leaning back to enjoy his ministrations. She moans whenever he manages to suck or tickle the correct spot, using her hand to direct him in whatever position seems to pleasure her best in the moment.

Narrator: The hunter, still in an awkward position, does his best to follow his Mistress’ wordless commands. Whenever he manages to catch a breath, his head is swiftly pushed back in between her now soaked legs. His hands slip in the growing puddle beneath them as he struggles to stay in position. 

Narrator: After what seems a wet eternity, the priestess’ back arches, and her moans grow louder. She presses the hunter’s face deeper, and starts intoning a rickety prayer, all the while urging him on with her nails digging into his neck. 

Narrator: “Ah, Ooh… Yes.. There. There.. O..Our radiant.. Mother.. Please.. AHn.. Accept…” Feeling emboldened, the hunter grabs her hips, sucking at her lips and clit to help her finish. “AAAHN, Accept… Accept… this…Offerrriiiiiiinnng!!!!”

Narrator: Almost screaming the last word, the Priestess’ whole body shudders, as her hips close onto the hunter’s head, trapping him before he has the chance to escape.

Narrator: After a few violent convulsions, she finally lets go, laying limp on the sodden bedding. The soaked hunter lies immobile on her leg, trying to catch his breath, and working his aching jaw to get some feeling back into it.

Narrator: “Good… work…” She pants, between the small aftershocks still rocking her.  “But this doesn’t mean… you are forgiven…”  “Yesh.. Mishhstresh…”
