
Narrator: Finally, the diminutive ball of fury plops herself down onto the warrior’s chest. The larger woman hasn’t said a word, but her smirk speaks volumes. 
Narrator: The priestess growls through gritted teeth:

Narrator: “So, you can’t wait for lessons, huh? You’re going to have to work for it.
Narrator: And since I KNOW you won’t be able to keep your infuriating mouth shut, I’m going to put it to better use!


Narrator: Huffing angrily, the priestess seats herself onto her new pupil's face.
Narrator: “Get to licking!”

Narrator: The warrior muffles something most probably insulting, but she gets to work. As large hands grab onto her hips, the priestess intones a small prayer, preparing to start her lecture..

Narrator: “Oh radiant Mother, grant me patiencehnnnn!!” 
Narrator: The warrior’s longue is rough and forceful, lapping hungrily at the delicate lips on top of her.
Narrator: But her rush is quickly stopped as a vengeful hand shoots out and grabs one of her large nipples, twisting it painfully. She flinches, letting escape a high pitched whimper, to the surprise of her tormentor.

Narrator: The confusion only lasts a moment. Quickly recovering her poise, the priestess holds the nipple tightly, and smiles at the stricken giant under her. 

Narrator: “Alright… We are going to do this properly. You are going to slow down, and take your time. You are going to give my sacred well all the respect it deserves. And you WILL pay attention to my lecture, or I’ll do much worse to your stupidly huge teats. Do you understand me?”

Narrator: “Myuuussh!” The warrior quickly nods as her nipple is twisted again, her face squirming between the Priestess’ thighs.

Narrator: “Good. Now, let’s start with the creation of the world, and how our golden Mother brought order to chaos….”

Narrator: With the barbarian cowed, the lecture proceeds much more smoothly. The priestess preaches the basic history and tenets of her faith, while the warrior wields her tongue as softly as she can manage. From time to time, one of her nipples gets a little squeeze - a reminder of her position - eliciting shivers which greatly please her teacher.

Narrator: So much so in fact, that the priestess starts playing with the nipples gently, to reward her new pupil for her efforts. This produces cuter noises from the trapped woman, and her tongue responds in kind. The priestess is almost distracted from her lecturing, and has to stop herself from moaning too loudly. Her thighs are slick with juices and saliva, and a quick glance behind her shows the warrior’s slit wet and leaking as well.

Narrator: Soon, it becomes too difficult. Her words start tripping over themselves, and when she catches herself repeating the same passage three times, her patience falters.
Narrator: With barely a warning, she grabs the warrior’s hair roughly, forcing the warrior’s wet face against her burning lips.

Narrator: “Time to pay…the lesson fee.” Moans the priestess. Holding on to the warrior’s braid, she leans her weight back and grabs a generous fistful of soft, sensitive breast to torment.
Narrator: “You…may go rough now…Because..So will I.”

Narrator: The stunned warrior takes a second to recover from the tonal whiplash, but a 
Narrator: rough squeeze of her already sensitive breasts makes her bolt like a whipped horse. 
Narrator: The ardor she showed at the beginning doesn’t compare. 

Narrator: Her body shivers, stiffens and shakes every time the priestess kneads, smacks or claws at her chest, and every time her moans pitch louder, screaming into her teacher’s cave as her face is buried ever deeper into it.
Narrator: Not that she seems to want to escape. Her muscular arms are locked around the Priestess’ hips like a vice, and the pool forming between her legs tells a different story.

Narrator: The climax doesn’t take long to reach. As the priestess half screams the proper prayer to the Goddess, her knees convulse around the warrior’s head. Her hand clamps down on her pupil’s poor martyred nipples, sending the barbarian over the edge as well, as she heroically tries to follow the prayer through the flooding and lack of air. 

Narrator: With a final grunt of effort, the priestess releases her cramped legs, collapsing onto the warrior’s chest. The warrior gasps as she finally fills her lungs, lifting the smaller woman on top of her.The air feels blessedly cold on her soaked face and sweaty body, like jumping into the snow after a steam bath. The coolness brings some relief to her tortured, aching breasts.

Narrator: “A month…of lessons… doesn’t sound so bad right now…”’ She manages to quip, between breaths.
Narrator: The priestess sighs, halfway between mirth and derision.
Narrator: “A month may be too short… If we can’t even manage…a full lesson…”
